# Scary7sGame

Scary 7s is a two-player game. It prompts for the input of two names and then the number of points the user wants to set as the winning amount. The game is initiated by pressing the "Start" button. From there, the first player is given a value from a 13-sided die. The player must guess if the next number rolled is higher or lower than the current number. The twist is that once a number is shown, it will not re-appear. The best strategy to win the game is to pay attention to which numbers have already been played and use that information to calculate probabilities. If the player guesses incorrectly, the entire deck of values is reset (meaning all numbers are back in play) and the second player's turn is initiated. 

Each correct answer awards the respective player one point. Because the number seven is the median value, there is a 50% chance the following number is higher or lower (assuming no numbers have been removed from the deck at the point the 7 is rolled). Because of the risk involved with guessing higher or lower, there is an option to take the risk or back down from the risk (option buttons will pop up for the player to select). If the player takes the risk, they will gain seven points for a correct answer or lose seven points for an incorrect answer. If the player does not take the risk, the game ends their turn and initiates the other player's turn. The game is concluded when one of the players hits the point value assigned at the beginning of the game. 

A prompt will then show up asking if the player wants to play again. If so, the player should click the "reset" button, which will take them back to the name prompts. I do need to caution that there is a hidden rick-roll.
